README.md, before:

﻿[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)

# Test IcalCalendar behavior

This nodejs app will let you test [IcalCalendar](https://github.com/runely/calendar-homey) behavior:

* Get a list of the events retrieved from your calendar(s)
* Get the next event happening across all your calendars
* Get a list of your events happening today
* Get a list of your events happening tomorrow

## Setup

1. Clone the repo
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/runely/calendar-homey-test.git
    ```
1. Install dependencies
    ```bash
    npm i
    ```
1. Add your calendars
    1. Create the file `calendars.json`
    1. Insert the following to test the test calendar
        ```javascript
        {
            "calendars": [
                {
                    "name": "Default",
                    "uri": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/runely/calendar-homey-test/master/calendars/default.ics",
                    "import": true,
                    "eventLimit": {
                        "value": 2,
                        "type": "months"
                    },
                    "debugOptions": {
                        "saveAll": false,
                        "saveActive": false
                    }
                }
            ]
        }
        ```
    1. Add your own calendars to the list

## Usage

* Get a list of the events retrieved from your calendar(s)
    ```bash
    npm run calendars
    ```
* Get the next event happening across all your calendars aswell
    ```bash
    npm run calendars-and-next-event
    ```
* Get a list of your events happening today aswell
    ```bash
    npm run calendars-and-todays-events
    ```
* Get a list of your events happening tomorrow aswell
    ```bash
    npm run calendars-and-tomorrows-events
    ```

## Configuration

To change how far into the future you want to retrieve events:
1. Open `calendars.json` and find the calendar you want to adjust
1. Change `value` to any number and `type` to one of the predefined types
    1. "days", "hours", "milliseconds", "minutes", "months", "quarters", "seconds", "weeks", "years"

If you want to save all events retrieved/parsed through [node-ical](https://github.com/jens-maus/node-ical):
1. Open `calendars.json` and find the calendar you want to adjust
1. Set `saveAll` to `true` to save the file, otherwise set it to `false`
1. If set to `true`, the file will be saved to `contents/raw/<name>_<date>.json`

If you want to save active events retrieved/parsed through [node-ical](https://github.com/jens-maus/node-ical):
1. Open `calendars.json` and find the calendar you want to adjust
1. Set `saveActive` to `true` to save the file, otherwise set it to `false`
1. If set to `true`, the file will be saved to `contents/active/<name>_<date>.json`

Commit message:

Added option to run from a local ics file

README.md, after:

﻿[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com)

# Test IcalCalendar behavior

This nodejs app will let you test [IcalCalendar](https://github.com/runely/calendar-homey) behavior:

* Get a list of the events retrieved from your calendar(s)
* Get the next event happening across all your calendars
* Get a list of your events happening today
* Get a list of your events happening tomorrow

## Setup

1. Clone the repo
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/runely/calendar-homey-test.git
    ```
1. Install dependencies
    ```bash
    npm i
    ```
1. Add your calendars
    1. Create the file `calendars.json`
    1. Insert the following to test the test calendar
        ```javascript
        {
            "calendars": [
                {
                    "name": "Default",
                    "uri": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/runely/calendar-homey-test/master/calendars/default.ics",
                    "import": true,
                    "eventLimit": {
                        "value": 2,
                        "type": "months"
                    },
                    "debugOptions": {
                        "saveAll": false,
                        "saveActive": false
                    }
                }
            ]
        }
        ```
    1. Add your own calendars to the list
        1. If you want to test a local ics file, swap out the uri with full path to the ics file and add `"isLocalFile": true` to `"debugOptions"`

## Usage

* Get a list of the events retrieved from your calendar(s)
    ```bash
    npm run calendars
    ```
* Get the next event happening across all your calendars aswell
    ```bash
    npm run calendars-and-next-event
    ```
* Get a list of your events happening today aswell
    ```bash
    npm run calendars-and-todays-events
    ```
* Get a list of your events happening tomorrow aswell
    ```bash
    npm run calendars-and-tomorrows-events
    ```

## Configuration

To change how far into the future you want to retrieve events:
1. Open `calendars.json` and find the calendar you want to adjust
1. Change `value` to any number and `type` to one of the predefined types
    1. "days", "hours", "milliseconds", "minutes", "months", "quarters", "seconds", "weeks", "years"

If you want to save all events retrieved/parsed through [node-ical](https://github.com/jens-maus/node-ical):
1. Open `calendars.json` and find the calendar you want to adjust
1. Set `saveAll` to `true` to save the file, otherwise set it to `false`
1. If set to `true`, the file will be saved to `contents/raw/<name>_<date>.json`

If you want to save active events retrieved/parsed through [node-ical](https://github.com/jens-maus/node-ical):
1. Open `calendars.json` and find the calendar you want to adjust
1. Set `saveActive` to `true` to save the file, otherwise set it to `false`
1. If set to `true`, the file will be saved to `contents/active/<name>_<date>.json`
